name: Catppuccin Macchiato
shortname: ctp_macchiato
dark: true
actionBarActionModeDefault: #24273a
actionBarActionModeDefaultIcon: #6e738d
actionBarActionModeDefaultSelector: #494d64
actionBarActionModeDefaultTop: #00000010
actionBarBrowser: #24273a
actionBarDefault: #181926
actionBarDefaultArchived: #181926
actionBarDefaultArchivedIcon: #a5adcb
actionBarDefaultArchivedSearch: #a5adcb
actionBarDefaultArchivedSelector: #939ab7
actionBarDefaultArchivedTitle: #cad3f5
actionBarDefaultIcon: #a5adcb
actionBarDefaultSearch: #a5adcb
actionBarDefaultSearchArchivedPlaceholder: #18192680
actionBarDefaultSearchPlaceholder: #18192680
actionBarDefaultSelector: #939ab7
actionBarDefaultSubmenuBackground: #24273a
actionBarDefaultSubmenuItem: #cad3f5
actionBarDefaultSubmenuItemIcon: #a5adcb
actionBarDefaultSubtitle: #8087a2
actionBarDefaultTitle: #cad3f5
actionBarTabActiveText: #cad3f5
actionBarTabLine: #cad3f5
actionBarTabSelector: #494d64
actionBarTabUnactiveText: #8087a2
actionBarWhiteSelector: #939ab7
avatar_actionBarIconBlue: #a5adcb
avatar_actionBarSelectorBlue: #939ab7
avatar_backgroundActionBarBlue: #181926
avatar_backgroundArchived: #8087a2
avatar_backgroundArchivedHidden: #8087a2
avatar_backgroundBlue: #8aadf4
avatar_backgroundCyan: #8bd5ca
avatar_backgroundGreen: #a6da95
avatar_backgroundGroupCreateSpanBlue: #f4dbd6
avatar_backgroundInProfileBlue: #dc2286
avatar_backgroundOrange: #f5a97f
avatar_backgroundPink: #f5bde6
avatar_backgroundRed: #ed8796
avatar_backgroundSaved: #c6a0f6
avatar_backgroundViolet: #c6a0f6
avatar_nameInMessageBlue: #8aadf4
avatar_nameInMessageCyan: #8bd5ca
avatar_nameInMessageGreen: #a6da95
avatar_nameInMessageOrange: #f5a97f
avatar_nameInMessagePink: #f5bde6
avatar_nameInMessageRed: #ed8796
avatar_nameInMessageViolet: #c6a0f6
avatar_subtitleInProfileBlue: #8087a2
avatar_text: #24273a
calls_callReceivedGreenIcon: #a6da95
calls_callReceivedRedIcon: #ed8796
changephoneinfo_image2: #8aadf4
changephoneinfo_image: #cad3f5
chat_addContact: #c6a0f6
chat_adminSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_adminText: #cad3f5
chat_attachActiveTab: #8aadf4
chat_attachAudioBackground: #ed8796
chat_attachAudioIcon: #24273a
chat_attachCheckBoxBackground: #8aadf4
chat_attachCheckBoxCheck: #24273a
chat_attachContactBackground: #eed49f
chat_attachContactIcon: #24273a
chat_attachEmptyImage: #6e738d
chat_attachFileBackground: #8bd5ca
chat_attachFileIcon: #24273a
chat_attachGalleryBackground: #8aadf4
chat_attachGalleryIcon: #24273a
chat_attachLocationBackground: #a6da95
chat_attachLocationIcon: #24273a
chat_attachMediaBanBackground: #939ab7
chat_attachMediaBanText: #24273a
chat_attachPermissionImage: #24273a
chat_attachPermissionMark: #ed8796
chat_attachPermissionText: #a5adcb
chat_attachPhotoBackground: #00000008
chat_attachPollBackground: #eed49f
chat_attachPollIcon: #24273a
chat_attachUnactiveTab: #a5adcb
chat_botButtonText: #24273a
chat_botKeyboardButtonBackground: #c6a0f6
chat_botKeyboardButtonBackgroundPressed: #f5bde6
chat_botKeyboardButtonText: #24273a
chat_botProgress: #24273a
chat_botSwitchToInlineText: #f4dbd6
chat_emojiBottomPanelIcon: #939ab7
chat_emojiPanelBackground: #181926
chat_emojiPanelBackspace: #939ab7
chat_emojiPanelBadgeBackground: #8aadf4
chat_emojiPanelBadgeText: #24273a
chat_emojiPanelEmptyText: #939ab7
chat_emojiPanelIcon: #939ab7
chat_emojiPanelIconSelected: #8aadf4
chat_emojiPanelMasksIcon: #24273a
chat_emojiPanelMasksIconSelected: #8aadf4
chat_emojiPanelNewTrending: #8aadf4
chat_emojiPanelShadowLine: #00000012
chat_emojiPanelStickerPackSelector: #5b6078
chat_emojiPanelStickerPackSelectorLine: #5b6078
chat_emojiPanelStickerSetName: #a5adcb
chat_emojiPanelStickerSetNameHighlight: #a5adcb
chat_emojiPanelStickerSetNameIcon: #a5adcb
chat_emojiPanelTrendingDescription: #a5adcb
chat_emojiPanelTrendingTitle: #cad3f5
chat_emojiSearchBackground: #363a4f
chat_emojiSearchIcon: #a5adcb
chat_fieldOverlayText: #a5adcb
chat_gifSaveHintBackground: #000000CC
chat_gifSaveHintText: #24273a
chat_goDownButton: #24273a
chat_goDownButtonCounter: #24273a
chat_goDownButtonCounterBackground: #a6da95
chat_goDownButtonIcon: #a5adcb
chat_goDownButtonShadow: #000000
chat_inAudioCacheSeekbar: #24273a40
chat_inAudioDurationSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inAudioDurationText: #a5adcb
chat_inAudioPerfomerSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inAudioPerfomerText: #cad3f5
chat_inAudioProgress: #8aadf4
chat_inAudioSeekbar: #6e738d
chat_inAudioSeekbarFill: #f4dbd6
chat_inAudioSeekbarSelected: #6e738d
chat_inAudioSelectedProgress: #f4dbd6
chat_inAudioTitleText: #8aadf4
chat_inBubble: #24273a
chat_inBubbleSelected: #363a4f
chat_inBubbleShadow: #00000000
chat_inContactBackground: #a6da95
chat_inContactIcon: #24273a
chat_inContactNameText: #a6da95
chat_inContactPhoneSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inContactPhoneText: #a5adcb
chat_inDownCall: #a6da95
chat_inFileBackground: #8bd5ca
chat_inFileBackgroundSelected: #8bd5ca
chat_inFileIcon: #24273a
chat_inFileInfoSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inFileInfoText: #a5adcb
chat_inFileNameText: #f4dbd6
chat_inFileProgress: #a5adcb
chat_inFileProgressSelected: #a5adcb
chat_inFileSelectedIcon: #24273a
chat_inForwardedNameText: #c6a0f6
chat_inInstant: #c6a0f6
chat_inInstantSelected: #c6a0f6
chat_inLoader: #cad3f5
chat_inLoaderPhoto: #cad3f5
chat_inLoaderPhotoIcon: #24273a
chat_inLoaderPhotoIconSelected: #24273a
chat_inLoaderPhotoSelected: #cad3f5
chat_inLoaderSelected: #cad3f5
chat_inLocationBackground: #a6da95
chat_inLocationIcon: #24273a
chat_inMediaIcon: #24273a
chat_inMediaIconSelected: #24273a
chat_inMenu: #6e738d
chat_inMenuSelected: #6e738d
chat_inPreviewInstantSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inPreviewInstantText: #cad3f5
chat_inPreviewLine: #8aadf4
chat_inReplyLine: #f4dbd6
chat_inReplyMediaMessageSelectedText: #6e738d
chat_inReplyMediaMessageText: #6e738d
chat_inReplyMessageText: #6e738d
chat_inReplyNameText: #f4dbd6
chat_inSentClock: #6e738d
chat_inSentClockSelected: #6e738d
chat_inSiteNameText: #f4dbd6
chat_inTimeSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inTimeText: #6e738d
chat_inUpCall: #ed8796
chat_inVenueInfoSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_inVenueInfoText: #cad3f5
chat_inViaBotNameText: #8aadf4
chat_inViews: #cad3f5
chat_inViewsSelected: #cad3f5
chat_inVoiceSeekbar: #6e738d
chat_inVoiceSeekbarFill: #cad3f5
chat_inVoiceSeekbarSelected: #6e738d
chat_inlineResultIcon: #8aadf4
chat_linkSelectBackground: #8aadf433
chat_lockIcon: #24273a
chat_mediaBroadcast: #24273a
chat_mediaInfoText: #24273a
chat_mediaLoaderPhoto: #00000066
chat_mediaLoaderPhotoIcon: #24273a
chat_mediaLoaderPhotoIconSelected: #24273a
chat_mediaLoaderPhotoSelected: #0000007F
chat_mediaMenu: #24273a
chat_mediaProgress: #24273a
chat_mediaSentCheck: #24273a
chat_mediaSentClock: #24273a
chat_mediaTimeBackground: #00000066
chat_mediaTimeText: #24273a
chat_mediaViews: #24273a
chat_messageLinkIn: #f4dbd6
chat_messageLinkOut: #f4dbd6
chat_messagePanelBackground: #24273a
chat_messagePanelCancelInlineBot: #6e738d
chat_messagePanelCursor: #f4dbd6
chat_messagePanelHint: #6e738d
chat_messagePanelIcons: #a5adcb
chat_messagePanelPressedSend: #cad3f5
chat_messagePanelSend: #a5adcb
chat_messagePanelShadow: #00000000
chat_messagePanelText: #cad3f5
chat_messagePanelVideoFrame: #c6a0f6
chat_messagePanelVoiceBackground: #c6a0f6
chat_messagePanelVoiceDelete: #181926
chat_messagePanelVoiceDuration: #6e738d
chat_messagePanelVoicePressed: #24273a
chat_messagePanelVoiceShadow: #0000000D
chat_messageTextIn: #cad3f5
chat_messageTextOut: #cad3f5
chat_muteIcon: #6e738d
chat_outAudioCacheSeekbar: #24273a40
chat_outAudioDurationSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outAudioDurationText: #a5adcb
chat_outAudioPerfomerSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outAudioPerfomerText: #cad3f5
chat_outAudioProgress: #8aadf4
chat_outAudioSeekbar: #6e738d
chat_outAudioSeekbarFill: #f4dbd6
chat_outAudioSeekbarSelected: #6e738d
chat_outAudioSelectedProgress: #f4dbd6
chat_outAudioTitleText: #8aadf4
chat_outBroadcast: #a6da95
chat_outBubble: #1e2030
chat_outBubbleSelected: #363a4f
chat_outBubbleShadow: #00000000
chat_outContactBackground: #a6da95
chat_outContactIcon: #24273a
chat_outContactNameText: #a6da95
chat_outContactPhoneSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outContactPhoneText: #a5adcb
chat_outFileBackground: #8bd5ca
chat_outFileBackgroundSelected: #8bd5ca
chat_outFileIcon: #24273a
chat_outFileInfoSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outFileInfoText: #a5adcb
chat_outFileNameText: #f4dbd6
chat_outFileProgress: #a5adcb
chat_outFileProgressSelected: #a5adcb
chat_outFileSelectedIcon: #24273a
chat_outForwardedNameText: #c6a0f6
chat_outInstant: #c6a0f6
chat_outInstantSelected: #c6a0f6
chat_outLoader: #cad3f5
chat_outLoaderPhoto: #cad3f5
chat_outLoaderPhotoIcon: #24273a
chat_outLoaderPhotoIconSelected: #24273a
chat_outLoaderPhotoSelected: #cad3f5
chat_outLoaderSelected: #cad3f5
chat_outLocationBackground: #a6da95
chat_outLocationIcon: #24273a
chat_outMediaIcon: #24273a
chat_outMediaIconSelected: #24273a
chat_outMenu: #6e738d
chat_outMenuSelected: #6e738d
chat_outPreviewInstantSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outPreviewInstantText: #cad3f5
chat_outPreviewLine: #8aadf4
chat_outReplyLine: #f4dbd6
chat_outReplyMediaMessageSelectedText: #6e738d
chat_outReplyMediaMessageText: #6e738d
chat_outReplyMessageText: #6e738d
chat_outReplyNameText: #f4dbd6
chat_outSentCheck: #6e738d
chat_outSentCheckRead: #6e738d
chat_outSentCheckReadSelected: #f4dbd6
chat_outSentCheckSelected: #f4dbd6
chat_outSentClock: #6e738d
chat_outSentClockSelected: #6e738d
chat_outSiteNameText: #f4dbd6
chat_outTimeSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outTimeText: #6e738d
chat_outUpCall: #a6da95
chat_outVenueInfoSelectedText: #cad3f5
chat_outVenueInfoText: #cad3f5
chat_outViaBotNameText: #8aadf4
chat_outViews: #cad3f5
chat_outViewsSelected: #cad3f5
chat_outVoiceSeekbar: #6e738d
chat_outVoiceSeekbarFill: #cad3f5
chat_outVoiceSeekbarSelected: #6e738d
chat_previewDurationText: #24273a
chat_previewGameText: #24273a
chat_recordTime: #cad3f5
chat_recordVoiceCancel: #6e738d
chat_recordedVoiceBackground: #c6a0f6
chat_recordedVoiceDot: #24273a
chat_recordedVoicePlayPause: #24273a
chat_recordedVoicePlayPausePressed: #24273a
chat_recordedVoiceProgress: #6e738d
chat_recordedVoiceProgressInner: #cad3f5
chat_replyPanelClose: #6e738d
chat_replyPanelIcons: #f4dbd6
chat_replyPanelLine: #f4dbd6
chat_replyPanelMessage: #cad3f5
chat_replyPanelName: #f4dbd6
chat_reportSpam: #ee99a0
chat_searchPanelIcons: #6e738d
chat_searchPanelText: #cad3f5
chat_secretChatStatusText: #6e738d
chat_secretTimeText: #cad3f5
chat_secretTimerBackground: #24273aCC
chat_secretTimerText: #24273a
chat_selectedBackground: #18192644
chat_sentError: #ee99a0
chat_sentErrorIcon: #24273a
chat_serviceIcon: #24273a
chat_serviceLink: #24273a
chat_serviceText: #24273a
chat_serviceBackground: #b7bdf8
chat_shareBackground: #6e738d66
chat_shareBackgroundSelected: #6e738d99
chat_status: #a6da95
chat_stickerNameText: #24273a
chat_stickerReplyLine: #24273a
chat_stickerReplyMessageText: #24273a
chat_stickerReplyNameText: #24273a
chat_stickerViaBotNameText: #24273a
chat_stickersHintPanel: #24273a
chat_textSelectBackground: #6e738d66
chat_topPanelBackground: #1e2030
chat_topPanelClose: #a5adcb
chat_topPanelLine: #a5adcb
chat_topPanelMessage: #a5adcb
chat_topPanelTitle: #a5adcb
chat_unreadMessagesStartArrowIcon: #24273a
chat_unreadMessagesStartBackground: #c6a0f6
chat_unreadMessagesStartText: #24273a
chats_actionBackground: #a6da95
chats_actionIcon: #24273a
chats_actionMessage: #a5adcb
chats_actionPressedBackground: #f5bde6
chats_actionUnreadBackground: #a6da95
chats_actionUnreadIcon: #24273a
chats_actionUnreadPressedBackground: #a6da95
chats_archiveBackground: #363a4f
chats_archiveIcon: #cad3f5
chats_archivePinBackground: #5b6078
chats_archiveText: #cad3f5
chats_attachMessage: #8aadf4
chats_date: #5b6078
chats_draft: #c6a0f6
chats_mentionIcon: #24273a
chats_menuBackground: #24273a
chats_menuCloud: #24273a
chats_menuCloudBackgroundCats: #8aadf4
chats_menuItemCheck: #dc2286
chats_menuItemIcon: #6e738d
chats_menuItemText: #a5adcb
chats_menuName: #cad3f5
chats_menuPhone: #a5adcb
chats_menuPhoneCats: #a5adcb
chats_menuTopBackgroundCats: #181926
chats_message: #cad3f5
chats_messageArchived: #a5adcb
chats_message_threeLines: #a5adcb
chats_muteIcon: #6e738d
chats_name: #cad3f5
chats_nameArchived: #a5adcb
chats_nameIcon: #cad3f5
chats_nameMessage: #8aadf4
chats_nameMessageArchived: #8aadf4
chats_nameMessageArchived_threeLines: #8aadf4
chats_nameMessage_threeLines: #8aadf4
chats_onlineCircle: #a6da95
chats_pinnedIcon: #a5adcb
chats_pinnedOverlay: #1e2030
chats_secretIcon: #a6da95
chats_secretName: #a6da95
chats_sentCheck: #a6da95
chats_sentClock: #a6da95
chats_sentError: #ee99a0
chats_sentErrorIcon: #24273a
chats_sentReadCheck: #a6da95
chats_tabletSelectedOverlay: #0000000F
chats_unreadCounter: #a6da95
chats_unreadCounterMuted: #6e738d
chats_unreadCounterText: #24273a
chats_verifiedBackground: #8aadf4
chats_verifiedCheck: #24273a
checkbox: #a6da95
checkboxCheck: #24273a
checkboxDisabled: #6e738d
checkboxSquareBackground: #8aadf4
checkboxSquareCheck: #24273a
checkboxSquareDisabled: #6e738d
checkboxSquareUnchecked: #a5adcb
contacts_inviteBackground: #a6da95
contacts_inviteText: #24273a
contextProgressInner1: #8aadf4
contextProgressInner2: #8aadf4
contextProgressInner3: #6e738d
contextProgressInner4: #6e738d
contextProgressOuter1: #a6da95
contextProgressOuter2: #24273a
contextProgressOuter3: #24273a
contextProgressOuter4: #cad3f5
dialogBackground: #24273a
dialogBackgroundGray: #181926
dialogBadgeBackground: #8aadf4
dialogBadgeText: #24273a
dialogButton: #8aadf4
dialogButtonSelector: #0000000F
dialogCameraIcon: #24273a
dialogCheckboxSquareBackground: #8aadf4
dialogCheckboxSquareCheck: #24273a
dialogCheckboxSquareDisabled: #6e738d
dialogCheckboxSquareUnchecked: #a5adcb
dialogFloatingButton: #8aadf4
dialogFloatingButtonPressed: #8aadf4
dialogFloatingIcon: #24273a
dialogGrayLine: #6e738d
dialogIcon: #cad3f5
dialogInputField: #a5adcb
dialogInputFieldActivated: #8aadf4
dialogLineProgress: #8aadf4
dialogLineProgressBackground: #6e738d
dialogLinkSelection: #8aadf433
dialogProgressCircle: #8aadf4
dialogRadioBackground: #6e738d
dialogRadioBackgroundChecked: #8aadf4
dialogRedIcon: #ee99a0
dialogRoundCheckBox: #8aadf4
dialogRoundCheckBoxCheck: #24273a
dialogScrollGlow: #1e2030
dialogSearchBackground: #a5adcb
dialogSearchHint: #181926
dialogSearchIcon: #181926
dialogSearchText: #cad3f5
dialogShadowLine: #00000012
dialogTextBlack: #cad3f5
dialogTextBlue2: #8aadf4
dialogTextBlue3: #8aadf4
dialogTextBlue4: #8aadf4
dialogTextBlue: #2F81e66f5CC9
dialogTextGray2: #b8c0e0
dialogTextGray3: #b8c0e0
dialogTextGray4: #a5adcb
dialogTextGray: #a5adcb
dialogTextHint: #a5adcb
dialogTextLink: #f4dbd6
dialogTextRed2: #ee99a0
dialogTextRed: #ee99a0
dialogTopBackground: #8aadf4
dialog_inlineProgress: #a5adcb
dialog_inlineProgressBackground: #181926F6
dialog_liveLocationProgress: #8aadf4
divider: #00000000
emptyListPlaceholder: #6e738d
fastScrollActive: #8aadf4
fastScrollInactive: #6e738d
fastScrollText: #24273a
featuredStickers_addButton: #8aadf4
featuredStickers_addButtonPressed: #8aadf4
featuredStickers_addedIcon: #8aadf4
featuredStickers_buttonProgress: #24273a
featuredStickers_buttonText: #24273a
featuredStickers_delButton: #ee99a0
featuredStickers_delButtonPressed: #ee99a0
featuredStickers_unread: #8aadf4
files_folderIcon: #999999
files_folderIconBackground: #494d64
files_iconText: #24273a
graySection: #494d64
groupcreate_cursor: #f4dbd6
groupcreate_hintText: #6e738d
groupcreate_sectionShadow: #00000000
groupcreate_sectionText: #a5adcb
groupcreate_spanBackground: #494d64
groupcreate_spanDelete: #ee99a0
groupcreate_spanText: #cad3f5
inappPlayerBackground: #1e2030
inappPlayerClose: #a5adcb
inappPlayerPerformer: #cad3f5
inappPlayerPlayPause: #8aadf4
inappPlayerTitle: #a5adcb
key_chat_messagePanelVoiceLock: #A4A4A4
key_chat_messagePanelVoiceLockBackground: #24273a
key_chat_messagePanelVoiceLockShadow: #000000
key_graySectionText: #7F8991
key_player_progressCachedBackground: #E9EFF5
key_sheet_other: #C9CDD3
key_sheet_scrollUp: #E1E4E8
listSelectorSDK21: #0000000F
location_liveLocationProgress: #359FE5
location_placeLocationBackground: #4CA8EA
location_sendLiveLocationBackground: #FF6464
location_sendLiveLocationIcon: #24273a
location_sendLocationBackground: #6DA0D4
location_sendLocationIcon: #24273a
login_progressInner: #E1EAF2
login_progressOuter: #62A0D0
musicPicker_buttonBackground: #5CAFEA
musicPicker_buttonIcon: #24273a
musicPicker_checkbox: #29B6F7
musicPicker_checkboxCheck: #24273a
passport_authorizeBackground: #45ABEF
passport_authorizeBackgroundSelected: #409DDB
passport_authorizeText: #24273a
picker_badge: #29B6F7
picker_badgeText: #24273a
picker_disabledButton: #999999
picker_enabledButton: #19A7E8
player_actionBar: #24273a
player_actionBarItems: #8A8A8A
player_actionBarSelector: #0000000F
player_actionBarSubtitle: #8A8A8A
player_actionBarTitle: #2F3438
player_actionBarTop: #00000099
player_background: #24273a
player_button: #333333
player_buttonActive: #4CA8EA
player_placeholder: #A8A8A8
player_placeholderBackground: #F0F0F0
player_progress: #4B9FE3
player_progressBackground: #E9EFF5
player_time: #8C9296
profile_actionBackground: #cad3f5
profile_actionIcon: #24273a
profile_actionPressedBackground: #cad3f5
profile_creatorIcon: #8aadf4
profile_status: #6e738d
profile_title: #cad3f5
profile_verifiedBackground: #8aadf4
profile_verifiedCheck: #24273a
progressCircle: #527DA3
radioBackground: #B3B3B3
radioBackgroundChecked: #37A9F0
returnToCallBackground: #44A1E3
returnToCallText: #24273a
sessions_devicesImage: #969696
sharedMedia_actionMode: #4687B3
sharedMedia_linkPlaceholder: #F0F3F5
sharedMedia_linkPlaceholderText: #B7BEC3
sharedMedia_photoPlaceholder: #EDF3F7
sharedMedia_startStopLoadIcon: #36A2EE
stickers_menu: #B6BDC5
stickers_menuSelector: #0000000F
switch2Track: #6e738d
switch2TrackChecked: #a6da95
switchTrack: #6e738d
switchTrackBlue: #6e738d
switchTrackBlueChecked: #a6da95
switchTrackBlueSelector: #404A5317
switchTrackBlueSelectorChecked: #02478121
switchTrackBlueThumb: #24273a
switchTrackBlueThumbChecked: #24273a
switchTrackChecked: #a6da95
undo_background: #272F38EA
undo_cancelColor: #85CAFF
undo_infoColor: #24273a
windowBackgroundCheckText: #24273a
windowBackgroundChecked: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundGray: #1e2030
windowBackgroundGrayShadow: #00000000
windowBackgroundUnchecked: #6e738d
windowBackgroundWhite: #24273a
windowBackgroundWhiteBlackText: #cad3f5
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueButton: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueHeader: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueIcon: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText2: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText3: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText4: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText5: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText6: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText7: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayIcon: #6e738d
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayLine: #98A0A7
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText2: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText3: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText4: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText5: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText6: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText7: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText8: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText: #a5adcb
windowBackgroundWhiteGreenText2: #a6da95
windowBackgroundWhiteGreenText: #a6da95
windowBackgroundWhiteHintText: #98A0A7
windowBackgroundWhiteInputField: #F2F4F5
windowBackgroundWhiteInputFieldActivated: #8aadf4
windowBackgroundWhiteLinkSelection: #f4dbd633
windowBackgroundWhiteLinkText: #f4dbd6
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText2: #ee99a0
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText3: #ee99a0
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText4: #ee99a0
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText5: #ee99a0
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText6: #ee99a0
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText: #ee99a0
windowBackgroundWhiteValueText: #8aadf4
