name: Catppuccin Mocha
shortname: ctp_mocha
dark: true
actionBarActionModeDefault: #1e1e2e
actionBarActionModeDefaultIcon: #6c7086
actionBarActionModeDefaultSelector: #45475a
actionBarActionModeDefaultTop: #00000010
actionBarBrowser: #1e1e2e
actionBarDefault: #11111b
actionBarDefaultArchived: #11111b
actionBarDefaultArchivedIcon: #a6adc8
actionBarDefaultArchivedSearch: #a6adc8
actionBarDefaultArchivedSelector: #9399b2
actionBarDefaultArchivedTitle: #cdd6f4
actionBarDefaultIcon: #a6adc8
actionBarDefaultSearch: #a6adc8
actionBarDefaultSearchArchivedPlaceholder: #11111b80
actionBarDefaultSearchPlaceholder: #11111b80
actionBarDefaultSelector: #9399b2
actionBarDefaultSubmenuBackground: #1e1e2e
actionBarDefaultSubmenuItem: #cdd6f4
actionBarDefaultSubmenuItemIcon: #a6adc8
actionBarDefaultSubtitle: #7f849c
actionBarDefaultTitle: #cdd6f4
actionBarTabActiveText: #cdd6f4
actionBarTabLine: #cdd6f4
actionBarTabSelector: #45475a
actionBarTabUnactiveText: #7f849c
actionBarWhiteSelector: #9399b2
avatar_actionBarIconBlue: #a6adc8
avatar_actionBarSelectorBlue: #9399b2
avatar_backgroundActionBarBlue: #11111b
avatar_backgroundArchived: #7f849c
avatar_backgroundArchivedHidden: #7f849c
avatar_backgroundBlue: #89b4fa
avatar_backgroundCyan: #94e2d5
avatar_backgroundGreen: #a6e3a1
avatar_backgroundGroupCreateSpanBlue: #f5e0dc
avatar_backgroundInProfileBlue: #dc2286
avatar_backgroundOrange: #fab387
avatar_backgroundPink: #f5c2e7
avatar_backgroundRed: #f38ba8
avatar_backgroundSaved: #cba6f7
avatar_backgroundViolet: #cba6f7
avatar_nameInMessageBlue: #89b4fa
avatar_nameInMessageCyan: #94e2d5
avatar_nameInMessageGreen: #a6e3a1
avatar_nameInMessageOrange: #fab387
avatar_nameInMessagePink: #f5c2e7
avatar_nameInMessageRed: #f38ba8
avatar_nameInMessageViolet: #cba6f7
avatar_subtitleInProfileBlue: #7f849c
avatar_text: #1e1e2e
calls_callReceivedGreenIcon: #a6e3a1
calls_callReceivedRedIcon: #f38ba8
changephoneinfo_image2: #89b4fa
changephoneinfo_image: #cdd6f4
chat_addContact: #cba6f7
chat_adminSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_adminText: #cdd6f4
chat_attachActiveTab: #89b4fa
chat_attachAudioBackground: #f38ba8
chat_attachAudioIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_attachCheckBoxBackground: #89b4fa
chat_attachCheckBoxCheck: #1e1e2e
chat_attachContactBackground: #f9e2af
chat_attachContactIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_attachEmptyImage: #6c7086
chat_attachFileBackground: #94e2d5
chat_attachFileIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_attachGalleryBackground: #89b4fa
chat_attachGalleryIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_attachLocationBackground: #a6e3a1
chat_attachLocationIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_attachMediaBanBackground: #9399b2
chat_attachMediaBanText: #1e1e2e
chat_attachPermissionImage: #1e1e2e
chat_attachPermissionMark: #f38ba8
chat_attachPermissionText: #a6adc8
chat_attachPhotoBackground: #00000008
chat_attachPollBackground: #f9e2af
chat_attachPollIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_attachUnactiveTab: #a6adc8
chat_botButtonText: #1e1e2e
chat_botKeyboardButtonBackground: #cba6f7
chat_botKeyboardButtonBackgroundPressed: #f5c2e7
chat_botKeyboardButtonText: #1e1e2e
chat_botProgress: #1e1e2e
chat_botSwitchToInlineText: #f5e0dc
chat_emojiBottomPanelIcon: #9399b2
chat_emojiPanelBackground: #11111b
chat_emojiPanelBackspace: #9399b2
chat_emojiPanelBadgeBackground: #89b4fa
chat_emojiPanelBadgeText: #1e1e2e
chat_emojiPanelEmptyText: #9399b2
chat_emojiPanelIcon: #9399b2
chat_emojiPanelIconSelected: #89b4fa
chat_emojiPanelMasksIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_emojiPanelMasksIconSelected: #89b4fa
chat_emojiPanelNewTrending: #89b4fa
chat_emojiPanelShadowLine: #00000012
chat_emojiPanelStickerPackSelector: #585b70
chat_emojiPanelStickerPackSelectorLine: #585b70
chat_emojiPanelStickerSetName: #a6adc8
chat_emojiPanelStickerSetNameHighlight: #a6adc8
chat_emojiPanelStickerSetNameIcon: #a6adc8
chat_emojiPanelTrendingDescription: #a6adc8
chat_emojiPanelTrendingTitle: #cdd6f4
chat_emojiSearchBackground: #313244
chat_emojiSearchIcon: #a6adc8
chat_fieldOverlayText: #a6adc8
chat_gifSaveHintBackground: #000000CC
chat_gifSaveHintText: #1e1e2e
chat_goDownButton: #1e1e2e
chat_goDownButtonCounter: #1e1e2e
chat_goDownButtonCounterBackground: #a6e3a1
chat_goDownButtonIcon: #a6adc8
chat_goDownButtonShadow: #000000
chat_inAudioCacheSeekbar: #1e1e2e40
chat_inAudioDurationSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inAudioDurationText: #a6adc8
chat_inAudioPerfomerSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inAudioPerfomerText: #cdd6f4
chat_inAudioProgress: #89b4fa
chat_inAudioSeekbar: #6c7086
chat_inAudioSeekbarFill: #f5e0dc
chat_inAudioSeekbarSelected: #6c7086
chat_inAudioSelectedProgress: #f5e0dc
chat_inAudioTitleText: #89b4fa
chat_inBubble: #1e1e2e
chat_inBubbleSelected: #313244
chat_inBubbleShadow: #00000000
chat_inContactBackground: #a6e3a1
chat_inContactIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_inContactNameText: #a6e3a1
chat_inContactPhoneSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inContactPhoneText: #a6adc8
chat_inDownCall: #a6e3a1
chat_inFileBackground: #94e2d5
chat_inFileBackgroundSelected: #94e2d5
chat_inFileIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_inFileInfoSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inFileInfoText: #a6adc8
chat_inFileNameText: #f5e0dc
chat_inFileProgress: #a6adc8
chat_inFileProgressSelected: #a6adc8
chat_inFileSelectedIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_inForwardedNameText: #cba6f7
chat_inInstant: #cba6f7
chat_inInstantSelected: #cba6f7
chat_inLoader: #cdd6f4
chat_inLoaderPhoto: #cdd6f4
chat_inLoaderPhotoIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_inLoaderPhotoIconSelected: #1e1e2e
chat_inLoaderPhotoSelected: #cdd6f4
chat_inLoaderSelected: #cdd6f4
chat_inLocationBackground: #a6e3a1
chat_inLocationIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_inMediaIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_inMediaIconSelected: #1e1e2e
chat_inMenu: #6c7086
chat_inMenuSelected: #6c7086
chat_inPreviewInstantSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inPreviewInstantText: #cdd6f4
chat_inPreviewLine: #89b4fa
chat_inReplyLine: #f5e0dc
chat_inReplyMediaMessageSelectedText: #6c7086
chat_inReplyMediaMessageText: #6c7086
chat_inReplyMessageText: #6c7086
chat_inReplyNameText: #f5e0dc
chat_inSentClock: #6c7086
chat_inSentClockSelected: #6c7086
chat_inSiteNameText: #f5e0dc
chat_inTimeSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inTimeText: #6c7086
chat_inUpCall: #f38ba8
chat_inVenueInfoSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_inVenueInfoText: #cdd6f4
chat_inViaBotNameText: #89b4fa
chat_inViews: #cdd6f4
chat_inViewsSelected: #cdd6f4
chat_inVoiceSeekbar: #6c7086
chat_inVoiceSeekbarFill: #cdd6f4
chat_inVoiceSeekbarSelected: #6c7086
chat_inlineResultIcon: #89b4fa
chat_linkSelectBackground: #89b4fa33
chat_lockIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaBroadcast: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaInfoText: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaLoaderPhoto: #00000066
chat_mediaLoaderPhotoIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaLoaderPhotoIconSelected: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaLoaderPhotoSelected: #0000007F
chat_mediaMenu: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaProgress: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaSentCheck: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaSentClock: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaTimeBackground: #00000066
chat_mediaTimeText: #1e1e2e
chat_mediaViews: #1e1e2e
chat_messageLinkIn: #f5e0dc
chat_messageLinkOut: #f5e0dc
chat_messagePanelBackground: #1e1e2e
chat_messagePanelCancelInlineBot: #6c7086
chat_messagePanelCursor: #f5e0dc
chat_messagePanelHint: #6c7086
chat_messagePanelIcons: #a6adc8
chat_messagePanelPressedSend: #cdd6f4
chat_messagePanelSend: #a6adc8
chat_messagePanelShadow: #00000000
chat_messagePanelText: #cdd6f4
chat_messagePanelVideoFrame: #cba6f7
chat_messagePanelVoiceBackground: #cba6f7
chat_messagePanelVoiceDelete: #11111b
chat_messagePanelVoiceDuration: #6c7086
chat_messagePanelVoicePressed: #1e1e2e
chat_messagePanelVoiceShadow: #0000000D
chat_messageTextIn: #cdd6f4
chat_messageTextOut: #cdd6f4
chat_muteIcon: #6c7086
chat_outAudioCacheSeekbar: #1e1e2e40
chat_outAudioDurationSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outAudioDurationText: #a6adc8
chat_outAudioPerfomerSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outAudioPerfomerText: #cdd6f4
chat_outAudioProgress: #89b4fa
chat_outAudioSeekbar: #6c7086
chat_outAudioSeekbarFill: #f5e0dc
chat_outAudioSeekbarSelected: #6c7086
chat_outAudioSelectedProgress: #f5e0dc
chat_outAudioTitleText: #89b4fa
chat_outBroadcast: #a6e3a1
chat_outBubble: #181825
chat_outBubbleSelected: #313244
chat_outBubbleShadow: #00000000
chat_outContactBackground: #a6e3a1
chat_outContactIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_outContactNameText: #a6e3a1
chat_outContactPhoneSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outContactPhoneText: #a6adc8
chat_outFileBackground: #94e2d5
chat_outFileBackgroundSelected: #94e2d5
chat_outFileIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_outFileInfoSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outFileInfoText: #a6adc8
chat_outFileNameText: #f5e0dc
chat_outFileProgress: #a6adc8
chat_outFileProgressSelected: #a6adc8
chat_outFileSelectedIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_outForwardedNameText: #cba6f7
chat_outInstant: #cba6f7
chat_outInstantSelected: #cba6f7
chat_outLoader: #cdd6f4
chat_outLoaderPhoto: #cdd6f4
chat_outLoaderPhotoIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_outLoaderPhotoIconSelected: #1e1e2e
chat_outLoaderPhotoSelected: #cdd6f4
chat_outLoaderSelected: #cdd6f4
chat_outLocationBackground: #a6e3a1
chat_outLocationIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_outMediaIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_outMediaIconSelected: #1e1e2e
chat_outMenu: #6c7086
chat_outMenuSelected: #6c7086
chat_outPreviewInstantSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outPreviewInstantText: #cdd6f4
chat_outPreviewLine: #89b4fa
chat_outReplyLine: #f5e0dc
chat_outReplyMediaMessageSelectedText: #6c7086
chat_outReplyMediaMessageText: #6c7086
chat_outReplyMessageText: #6c7086
chat_outReplyNameText: #f5e0dc
chat_outSentCheck: #6c7086
chat_outSentCheckRead: #6c7086
chat_outSentCheckReadSelected: #f5e0dc
chat_outSentCheckSelected: #f5e0dc
chat_outSentClock: #6c7086
chat_outSentClockSelected: #6c7086
chat_outSiteNameText: #f5e0dc
chat_outTimeSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outTimeText: #6c7086
chat_outUpCall: #a6e3a1
chat_outVenueInfoSelectedText: #cdd6f4
chat_outVenueInfoText: #cdd6f4
chat_outViaBotNameText: #89b4fa
chat_outViews: #cdd6f4
chat_outViewsSelected: #cdd6f4
chat_outVoiceSeekbar: #6c7086
chat_outVoiceSeekbarFill: #cdd6f4
chat_outVoiceSeekbarSelected: #6c7086
chat_previewDurationText: #1e1e2e
chat_previewGameText: #1e1e2e
chat_recordTime: #cdd6f4
chat_recordVoiceCancel: #6c7086
chat_recordedVoiceBackground: #cba6f7
chat_recordedVoiceDot: #1e1e2e
chat_recordedVoicePlayPause: #1e1e2e
chat_recordedVoicePlayPausePressed: #1e1e2e
chat_recordedVoiceProgress: #6c7086
chat_recordedVoiceProgressInner: #cdd6f4
chat_replyPanelClose: #6c7086
chat_replyPanelIcons: #f5e0dc
chat_replyPanelLine: #f5e0dc
chat_replyPanelMessage: #cdd6f4
chat_replyPanelName: #f5e0dc
chat_reportSpam: #eba0ac
chat_searchPanelIcons: #6c7086
chat_searchPanelText: #cdd6f4
chat_secretChatStatusText: #6c7086
chat_secretTimeText: #cdd6f4
chat_secretTimerBackground: #1e1e2eCC
chat_secretTimerText: #1e1e2e
chat_selectedBackground: #11111b44
chat_sentError: #eba0ac
chat_sentErrorIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_serviceIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_serviceLink: #1e1e2e
chat_serviceText: #1e1e2e
chat_serviceBackground: #b4befe
chat_shareBackground: #6c708666
chat_shareBackgroundSelected: #6c708699
chat_status: #a6e3a1
chat_stickerNameText: #1e1e2e
chat_stickerReplyLine: #1e1e2e
chat_stickerReplyMessageText: #1e1e2e
chat_stickerReplyNameText: #1e1e2e
chat_stickerViaBotNameText: #1e1e2e
chat_stickersHintPanel: #1e1e2e
chat_textSelectBackground: #6c708666
chat_topPanelBackground: #181825
chat_topPanelClose: #a6adc8
chat_topPanelLine: #a6adc8
chat_topPanelMessage: #a6adc8
chat_topPanelTitle: #a6adc8
chat_unreadMessagesStartArrowIcon: #1e1e2e
chat_unreadMessagesStartBackground: #cba6f7
chat_unreadMessagesStartText: #1e1e2e
chats_actionBackground: #a6e3a1
chats_actionIcon: #1e1e2e
chats_actionMessage: #a6adc8
chats_actionPressedBackground: #f5c2e7
chats_actionUnreadBackground: #a6e3a1
chats_actionUnreadIcon: #1e1e2e
chats_actionUnreadPressedBackground: #a6e3a1
chats_archiveBackground: #313244
chats_archiveIcon: #cdd6f4
chats_archivePinBackground: #585b70
chats_archiveText: #cdd6f4
chats_attachMessage: #89b4fa
chats_date: #585b70
chats_draft: #cba6f7
chats_mentionIcon: #1e1e2e
chats_menuBackground: #1e1e2e
chats_menuCloud: #1e1e2e
chats_menuCloudBackgroundCats: #89b4fa
chats_menuItemCheck: #dc2286
chats_menuItemIcon: #6c7086
chats_menuItemText: #a6adc8
chats_menuName: #cdd6f4
chats_menuPhone: #a6adc8
chats_menuPhoneCats: #a6adc8
chats_menuTopBackgroundCats: #11111b
chats_message: #cdd6f4
chats_messageArchived: #a6adc8
chats_message_threeLines: #a6adc8
chats_muteIcon: #6c7086
chats_name: #cdd6f4
chats_nameArchived: #a6adc8
chats_nameIcon: #cdd6f4
chats_nameMessage: #89b4fa
chats_nameMessageArchived: #89b4fa
chats_nameMessageArchived_threeLines: #89b4fa
chats_nameMessage_threeLines: #89b4fa
chats_onlineCircle: #a6e3a1
chats_pinnedIcon: #a6adc8
chats_pinnedOverlay: #181825
chats_secretIcon: #a6e3a1
chats_secretName: #a6e3a1
chats_sentCheck: #a6e3a1
chats_sentClock: #a6e3a1
chats_sentError: #eba0ac
chats_sentErrorIcon: #1e1e2e
chats_sentReadCheck: #a6e3a1
chats_tabletSelectedOverlay: #0000000F
chats_unreadCounter: #a6e3a1
chats_unreadCounterMuted: #6c7086
chats_unreadCounterText: #1e1e2e
chats_verifiedBackground: #89b4fa
chats_verifiedCheck: #1e1e2e
checkbox: #a6e3a1
checkboxCheck: #1e1e2e
checkboxDisabled: #6c7086
checkboxSquareBackground: #89b4fa
checkboxSquareCheck: #1e1e2e
checkboxSquareDisabled: #6c7086
checkboxSquareUnchecked: #a6adc8
contacts_inviteBackground: #a6e3a1
contacts_inviteText: #1e1e2e
contextProgressInner1: #89b4fa
contextProgressInner2: #89b4fa
contextProgressInner3: #6c7086
contextProgressInner4: #6c7086
contextProgressOuter1: #a6e3a1
contextProgressOuter2: #1e1e2e
contextProgressOuter3: #1e1e2e
contextProgressOuter4: #cdd6f4
dialogBackground: #1e1e2e
dialogBackgroundGray: #11111b
dialogBadgeBackground: #89b4fa
dialogBadgeText: #1e1e2e
dialogButton: #89b4fa
dialogButtonSelector: #0000000F
dialogCameraIcon: #1e1e2e
dialogCheckboxSquareBackground: #89b4fa
dialogCheckboxSquareCheck: #1e1e2e
dialogCheckboxSquareDisabled: #6c7086
dialogCheckboxSquareUnchecked: #a6adc8
dialogFloatingButton: #89b4fa
dialogFloatingButtonPressed: #89b4fa
dialogFloatingIcon: #1e1e2e
dialogGrayLine: #6c7086
dialogIcon: #cdd6f4
dialogInputField: #a6adc8
dialogInputFieldActivated: #89b4fa
dialogLineProgress: #89b4fa
dialogLineProgressBackground: #6c7086
dialogLinkSelection: #89b4fa33
dialogProgressCircle: #89b4fa
dialogRadioBackground: #6c7086
dialogRadioBackgroundChecked: #89b4fa
dialogRedIcon: #eba0ac
dialogRoundCheckBox: #89b4fa
dialogRoundCheckBoxCheck: #1e1e2e
dialogScrollGlow: #181825
dialogSearchBackground: #a6adc8
dialogSearchHint: #11111b
dialogSearchIcon: #11111b
dialogSearchText: #cdd6f4
dialogShadowLine: #00000012
dialogTextBlack: #cdd6f4
dialogTextBlue2: #89b4fa
dialogTextBlue3: #89b4fa
dialogTextBlue4: #89b4fa
dialogTextBlue: #2F81e66f5CC9
dialogTextGray2: #bac2de
dialogTextGray3: #bac2de
dialogTextGray4: #a6adc8
dialogTextGray: #a6adc8
dialogTextHint: #a6adc8
dialogTextLink: #f5e0dc
dialogTextRed2: #eba0ac
dialogTextRed: #eba0ac
dialogTopBackground: #89b4fa
dialog_inlineProgress: #a6adc8
dialog_inlineProgressBackground: #11111bF6
dialog_liveLocationProgress: #89b4fa
divider: #00000000
emptyListPlaceholder: #6c7086
fastScrollActive: #89b4fa
fastScrollInactive: #6c7086
fastScrollText: #1e1e2e
featuredStickers_addButton: #89b4fa
featuredStickers_addButtonPressed: #89b4fa
featuredStickers_addedIcon: #89b4fa
featuredStickers_buttonProgress: #1e1e2e
featuredStickers_buttonText: #1e1e2e
featuredStickers_delButton: #eba0ac
featuredStickers_delButtonPressed: #eba0ac
featuredStickers_unread: #89b4fa
files_folderIcon: #999999
files_folderIconBackground: #45475a
files_iconText: #1e1e2e
graySection: #45475a
groupcreate_cursor: #f5e0dc
groupcreate_hintText: #6c7086
groupcreate_sectionShadow: #00000000
groupcreate_sectionText: #a6adc8
groupcreate_spanBackground: #45475a
groupcreate_spanDelete: #eba0ac
groupcreate_spanText: #cdd6f4
inappPlayerBackground: #181825
inappPlayerClose: #a6adc8
inappPlayerPerformer: #cdd6f4
inappPlayerPlayPause: #89b4fa
inappPlayerTitle: #a6adc8
key_chat_messagePanelVoiceLock: #A4A4A4
key_chat_messagePanelVoiceLockBackground: #1e1e2e
key_chat_messagePanelVoiceLockShadow: #000000
key_graySectionText: #7F8991
key_player_progressCachedBackground: #E9EFF5
key_sheet_other: #C9CDD3
key_sheet_scrollUp: #E1E4E8
listSelectorSDK21: #0000000F
location_liveLocationProgress: #359FE5
location_placeLocationBackground: #4CA8EA
location_sendLiveLocationBackground: #FF6464
location_sendLiveLocationIcon: #1e1e2e
location_sendLocationBackground: #6DA0D4
location_sendLocationIcon: #1e1e2e
login_progressInner: #E1EAF2
login_progressOuter: #62A0D0
musicPicker_buttonBackground: #5CAFEA
musicPicker_buttonIcon: #1e1e2e
musicPicker_checkbox: #29B6F7
musicPicker_checkboxCheck: #1e1e2e
passport_authorizeBackground: #45ABEF
passport_authorizeBackgroundSelected: #409DDB
passport_authorizeText: #1e1e2e
picker_badge: #29B6F7
picker_badgeText: #1e1e2e
picker_disabledButton: #999999
picker_enabledButton: #19A7E8
player_actionBar: #1e1e2e
player_actionBarItems: #8A8A8A
player_actionBarSelector: #0000000F
player_actionBarSubtitle: #8A8A8A
player_actionBarTitle: #2F3438
player_actionBarTop: #00000099
player_background: #1e1e2e
player_button: #333333
player_buttonActive: #4CA8EA
player_placeholder: #A8A8A8
player_placeholderBackground: #F0F0F0
player_progress: #4B9FE3
player_progressBackground: #E9EFF5
player_time: #8C9296
profile_actionBackground: #cdd6f4
profile_actionIcon: #1e1e2e
profile_actionPressedBackground: #cdd6f4
profile_creatorIcon: #89b4fa
profile_status: #6c7086
profile_title: #cdd6f4
profile_verifiedBackground: #89b4fa
profile_verifiedCheck: #1e1e2e
progressCircle: #527DA3
radioBackground: #B3B3B3
radioBackgroundChecked: #37A9F0
returnToCallBackground: #44A1E3
returnToCallText: #1e1e2e
sessions_devicesImage: #969696
sharedMedia_actionMode: #4687B3
sharedMedia_linkPlaceholder: #F0F3F5
sharedMedia_linkPlaceholderText: #B7BEC3
sharedMedia_photoPlaceholder: #EDF3F7
sharedMedia_startStopLoadIcon: #36A2EE
stickers_menu: #B6BDC5
stickers_menuSelector: #0000000F
switch2Track: #6c7086
switch2TrackChecked: #a6e3a1
switchTrack: #6c7086
switchTrackBlue: #6c7086
switchTrackBlueChecked: #a6e3a1
switchTrackBlueSelector: #404A5317
switchTrackBlueSelectorChecked: #02478121
switchTrackBlueThumb: #1e1e2e
switchTrackBlueThumbChecked: #1e1e2e
switchTrackChecked: #a6e3a1
undo_background: #272F38EA
undo_cancelColor: #85CAFF
undo_infoColor: #1e1e2e
windowBackgroundCheckText: #1e1e2e
windowBackgroundChecked: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundGray: #181825
windowBackgroundGrayShadow: #00000000
windowBackgroundUnchecked: #6c7086
windowBackgroundWhite: #1e1e2e
windowBackgroundWhiteBlackText: #cdd6f4
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueButton: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueHeader: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueIcon: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText2: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText3: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText4: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText5: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText6: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText7: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteBlueText: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayIcon: #6c7086
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayLine: #98A0A7
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText2: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText3: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText4: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText5: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText6: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText7: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText8: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGrayText: #a6adc8
windowBackgroundWhiteGreenText2: #a6e3a1
windowBackgroundWhiteGreenText: #a6e3a1
windowBackgroundWhiteHintText: #98A0A7
windowBackgroundWhiteInputField: #F2F4F5
windowBackgroundWhiteInputFieldActivated: #89b4fa
windowBackgroundWhiteLinkSelection: #f5e0dc33
windowBackgroundWhiteLinkText: #f5e0dc
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText2: #eba0ac
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText3: #eba0ac
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText4: #eba0ac
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText5: #eba0ac
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText6: #eba0ac
windowBackgroundWhiteRedText: #eba0ac
windowBackgroundWhiteValueText: #89b4fa
